hi I'm Robin is Emily welcome to our
piano tutorial on the knee abrsm 2011
syllabus today we are going to look at
examples from great 5 lists a number 2
and dante x co co will have Ellen here
during the demo at the piano play this
piece at a moderate walking temper elf
right hand will still get busy at times
especially with the high number of
almonds there are two of them all
together if this is a concern we should
choose another piece for this am not
playing the requirements will cause us
roughly three to five miles on peace
let's go through all elements these are
the first five
nice slice
another five
last five triplets are not too fast so
stay should not be a technical concern
there are some ascending and descending
sequences in the piece there is a
stepwise change in dynamics accordingly
following what's written on the book is
usually fine thank you for watching
happy here today clapping exam i will
see you again on next grade